content/jobs/Bharti Airtel/index.md, before:

---
date: '2019-09-16'
title: 'Senior Software Developer'
company: 'Bharti Aitel'
location: 'Gurgaon, India'
range: 'September 2019 - October 2020'
url: 'https://www.airtel.in/'
---

- Data Pipeline Development: Designed and implemented data pipelines utilizing ELK stack, Kafka, Oracle, and Python for efficient data processing and analytics.
- Anomaly Detection Model: Developed a model for identifying anomalies in metrics data using K-means clustering algorithm, enhancing data quality and insights.
- Automated Reporting: Created Python scripts for automated report generation and on-demand statistics retrieval through bot integration.
- Dask for Large System Reconciliation: Leveraged Dask to develop data models for reconciling large-scale systems, optimizing performance and scalability.
- Data Management Expertise: Strong proficiency in data profiling, standardization, transformation, and cleansing, adhering to best practices for handling high-volume data.
- ETL Integration Patterns: Designed and developed ETL integration patterns using Python on Apache Spark, ensuring efficient data flow and processing.
- Pandas to PySpark Transition: Enhanced existing Pandas scripts by converting them into PySpark jobs, improving execution speed and scalability.
- Python CLI Frameworks: Experienced in utilizing Python CLI frameworks such as Argparse and Click for building user-friendly command-line interfaces.

Commit message:

Add configuration for Claude settings and update Husky gitignore
- Created a new settings.local.json file to define permissions for various Bash commands related to npm and yarn operations.
- Added a .gitignore file for Husky to exclude any files or directories starting with an underscore.

content/jobs/Bharti Airtel/index.md, after:

---
date: '2019-09-16'
title: 'Senior Software Developer'
company: 'Bharti Aitel'
location: 'Gurgaon, India'
range: 'September 2019 - October 2020'
url: 'https://www.airtel.in/'
---

- Automated report generation with Python scripts and bot integrations because manually generating reports at 9 AM daily is not anyone's idea of fulfillment. Now bots handle the morning ritual while humans handle actual problems
- Built CLI tools with Argparse and Click that let users actually interact with data pipelines instead of begging the data team for spreadsheets. Command-line interfaces: making data accessible one --help flag at a time
- Designed data pipelines with ELK stack, Kafka, Oracle, and Python that process metrics in real-time. Logs flow, data transforms, insights emerge—no manual intervention required (exactly as automation intended)
- Developed anomaly detection model using K-means clustering that spots weird patterns before they become production incidents. Machine learning: because humans are terrible at spotting outliers in millions of data points
- Leveraged Dask for large-scale system reconciliation, proving that Python can handle big data when you give it the right tools. Processed datasets too large for Pandas to even think about
- Migrated Pandas scripts to PySpark because "it's running for 6 hours" is not acceptable. Improved execution speed from glacial to reasonable while keeping the data science team happy
- Mastered ETL integration patterns with Python on Apache Spark. Data profiling, transformation, and cleansing at scale—making messy telecom data actually usable for analytics
